silvano Ava's is only competed in 14
built Ford Tough Series events in his
career and has won three of them had he
joined the tour earlier in the year he'd
more than likely be challenging for the
world title
hi i'm cristal matthews Alva's covered
all four bulls in uncasville including
an event high 90 and a half on unabomber
to win the built ford tough championship
round and the event title with over one
hundred seventy nine thousand dollars
earned so far this year he is now the
runaway favorite to claim rookie of the
year whoa later Austin Meyer finished
the event in third place extending his
lead over JB Mooney and Varnado Nunez
the championship race Maya covered three
of four bulls in the event including an
89 and three-quarter pointer unloaded
gun in the championship round with bonus
points worked in he left Connecticut was
722 and the quarter points going into
the weekend he led number two Mooney
just by 64 points right now he's seven
hundred six and three-quarters points
ahead it was not a good weekend for
Moody who covered only one bowl out of a
possible five including the final five
showdown bonus round he managed 80
points on Cobra and round three but the
only things he left uncasville width
were a strained left shoulder and a hip
pointer he is probable for Columbus next
weekend world number three Renato Nunez
also only managed to cover a single bull
on the weekend in this case eighty six
and three-quarters on short notice in
round one Nunez who had once hub lead in
the title race for six straight events
is now over thirteen hundred points
behind meijer and has covered only three
of his last 18 Bulls I'll sweat on the
top ten a solid weekend by Ryan
McConnell moved him up in the fifth in
the title race McConnell covered three
bulls finishing fourth in the average
his 702 points pushed and passed Mike
Lee in the world standings Lee like
Mooney and Nunez only managed to get one
score on the weekend in injury news both
Ben Jones and Skeeter Kingsolver deeds a
crowd a scare in the boat for tough
championship round Jones suffered a
concussion courtesy of mcnett El
Presidente and kingsolver received a
bruise neck and chest thanks to big guns
kingsolver is probable for Columbus but
Jones is listed as questionable we've
got one more regular-season event less
the built ford tough series will visit
columbus ohio this weekend to finalize
the roster for the World Finals be sure
to follow along live at PBR calm and
watch Saturday and Sunday night on vs.
then one week later the last of the
final five showdown round will take
place to New York's Times Square on
October 15 and be broadcast nationally
on CBS on Sunday October 17th time's
running out for tickets to the world
finals so be sure to get yours today at
UNLV tickets.com thanks for watching for
the PBR i'm cristal matthews